there's been a lot of focus of the
15-inch MacBook Pro on my channel
recently but today I want to bring
attention to the 13-inch device and I
think for most people this is a more
compelling and just better product
overall compared to the 15-inch device
so this was also updated this year the
13-inch to the 8th gen CPUs and these
are a really big step up from the
previous generation but the real draw
here is two things number one the price
point this is a $600 cheaper than the
base model of the 15-inch and the size a
13-inch device is so much easier and
just more comfortable to carry than a
15-inch device like the 15-inch devices
are great if you need the bigger screen
if you need the better processing power
but if you can get away with the 13-inch
device go for it because it's just a
much easier payload in your bag wherever
you go doesn't matter 13-inch
portability Trump's 15-inch anyday the
hard work isn't drastically different
from last year's model right it's faster
obviously from the new CPU and the GPU
got a small clock bump but battery life
is the same despite having a slightly
bigger battery it still has super fast
storage still has an excellent screen
touch bar for the touch bar fans the
speakers however are redesigned they
were always excellent but now they're
slightly cleaner and all for use PC
ports now support Thunderbolt 3 there
are some feature ads like the updated
true tone display so that will change
the color temperature depending on the
environment that you're in and you also
get the third-generation butterfly
switches so underneath each key cap you
now have a silicone membrane in there to
protect it against dust and you also
have access to hands-free Siri if that's
your jam so the processing power in the
8th gen CPU in here is a huge step up
because of the decor can't so this is
now running four core CPUs instead of
the two core CPUs from previous
generations and that's a big big
difference depending on your workflow
you can hit like forty to sixty percent
improvement compared to the previous
generation that's big so it does matter
what you're doing if it's like Photoshop
video editing if your developer any kind
of CPU intensive task is gonna be better
on this device significantly better on
this device than was in previous
generations and I think that's the real
draw here to be able to get away with
stuff that required a four core 15 inch
device from the previous generations and
now you can put that workflow into a 13
inch and basically get very similar
performance that's a huge win so
an example I've never been able to edit
4k videos on the 13-inch MacBook Pros
from the previous generations like two
core CPUs could never handle that
footage very well the new ones can
handle it so much better it's much
smoother render times it'll still a
little slow but the fact that I can edit
4k videos in Premiere on a macbook like
a 13-inch MacBook is pretty cool this
thing starts at $1,800 and that's where
things get a little bit weird because
this is a MacBook because it's an Apple
product you're gonna pay that premium
right eighteen hundred dollars is a lot
the competitor is this guy this is a
Windows device this is the XPS 13 the
9370 this is my favorite Windows Device
in the market right now this similarly
spec to this goes for around $1,400 and
that's what the 4k touchscreen so the
value that you're getting out of this
device is just so much better than the
MacBook so this makes the whole decision
between like should you get this or
should you not difficult because if
you're comfortable on either platform
like other Windows device or an Apple
device then my gut feeling is just go
for the Windows Device because it's just
so much better in value just raw value
but if you have a preference for Mac OS
you need something a little bit more
powerful the 13-inch with the touch bar
is probably the one to get and don't be
drawn into the whole 15-inch device
because traditionally this is the one to
get if you need power the bigger device
but this year the 13 which can handle a
lot of stuff the thing that I find most
disappointing with this whole upgrade
this year though is that the 13 inch
device is from Apple that didn't have
the touch bar didn't get the new CPU so
those are still running the two core
seventh gen CPUs and if they had put 8th
gen CPUs into the base model as well
like the non touch power devices I mean
it would've hurt the sales of these ones
but I think it would've just been a
really good valley for most people
because that extra processing power from
those new CPUs is money ok I think that
wraps it up like if you're looking at
devices right now and you're kind of
deciding between 13 and 15 keep in mind
that the 13-inch is so much more
powerful this year than it has been in
previous generations ok hope you guys
did enjoy this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time